Addon Docs! :tada: (#35)
kaliber5/ember-cli-yadda-opinionated: tests/dummy/app/pods/docs/about/template.md

# What this addon is

Let's start with some glossary.

> 

Reviewer: I thinks something like this has to be part of the introduction! When looking at the `Why cucumber` page I wondered how anyone who does not know what Cucumber or BDD is should understand it. I think that would help!

Author: Done.

#### BDD, in a narrow sense

An approach to coding which adds a second loop to the TDD cycle: you are supposed to write an acceptance test before writing a unit test. Also, a different style of writing assertions: `expect` or `should` instead of `assert`.

#### BDD, in a broad sense

> A methodology of software devleopment, which involves all the team, not only developers. When a feature is conceieved, it is specced out in form of human-readable user stories. These user stories serve as a spec and are used to guide and validate development from planning to deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A methodology of software development, which involves all the team, not only developers. When a feature is conceived, it is specced out in form of human-readable user stories. These user stories serve as a spec and are used to guide and validate development from planning to deployment.
```
